DOC: add feature docs for TCP health probe (#40)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/features/tcp-health-probe.md

---
title: "TCP Health probe"
layout: default
---

# TCP Health probe

> A `BackgroundService` can be added to the <span>ASP.NET</span> hosted services to expose a TCP health endpoint that allows a runtime to periodically check the liveness/readiness of the host.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we have to go so technical, isn't it just enough to say that we provide a TCP health probe endpoint which will expose health information based on .NET Core health approach?

_PS: It's not ASP.NET here so would leave that out maybe?_

Author: Ah, right; I'll change this.

## Installation

This features requires to install our NuGet package:

```shell
PM > Install-Package Arcus.Messaging.Health
```

## Usage

To include the TCP endpoint, add the following line of code in the `Startup.ConfigureServices` method:

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddTcpHealthProbes(healthBuilder => 
    {

>         healthBuilder.AddCheck("Example", () => HealthCheckResult.Healthy("Example is OK!"), tags: new[] { "example" })

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this is optional and you can just do `services.AddTcpHealthProbes()`?

Author: Yep, added this in the inline code now, with comments explaining.

---
title: "TCP Health probe"
layout: default
---

# TCP Health probe

> We provide a TCP health probe endpoint that allows a runtime to periodically check the liveness/readiness of the host based on the .NET Core health approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a TCP health probe endpoint that allows a runtime to periodically check the liveness/readiness of the host based on the [.NET Core health checks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks).
```

Author: Ah, yes. Thanks!
